there are there's a there's a contingent
of the ethical vegan community that's
much like a contingent in the Atheist
community just have really bad arguments
and I'm undeniably species just about
this I drink milk cows too but the thing
is even even if you've got in the same
County it's it's entirely possible so
you got dog vegans and then you got
vegetarians and Bobo lactose
I drink milk and for a while I was
convinced it oh this is not this is a
non-issue clearly not even in the same
ballpark as whether or not I would kill
a dog a cow and then someone raised the
issue of okay you've got a situation
where a cow has given birth and his calf
has taken away so that it will keep
producing milk yeah off to fulfil
insemination and have you considered the
impact the emotional impact of the cow
of having you know its offspring removed
and the answer at that time was no I
hadn't considered that at all and my
answer now is I don't know that we can
actually assess the psychological trauma
of a cow
I don't know necessarily how we would go
about it because what I see people doing
is saying Oh an animal looks up with you
with those eyes or tries to run away so
clearly it's expressing its desire to
not be and quite frankly I don't think
that most animals
can process that on a cognitive level to
where they're expressing no don't eat
meat having lived and grown up on a farm
and been around cows and milk cows
granted I'm not remotely an animal
psychologist I don't see any of the
presentations that we would say yes this
cow is suffering psychological yes I'm
not opposed to yes you say you're
against what we are talking about is a
situation in which the the single
biggest thing that you can do to tackle
climate change the single biggest thing
you can do to minimize unnecessary
suffering without actually having to to
suffer any meaningful sense yourself is
a simple of just choosing something else
in the menu that's the situation we're
in now and to me it's very difficult to
see how if we're making a distinction
between moral obligation of that you
that meet that that is meaningful in any
way how that could possibly not fall
within the category of obligation I
don't remotely disagree the thing is do
you think it does fall within the
category of obligation well you not
necessarily somebody can give me the
information in data and make that
argument cuz right now no offense to you
I'm happy to accept that you know far
more about this than I do and that your
information is likely to be correct
but quite frankly this is this is easily
long the longest conversation I've ever
had about this particular subject and I
can't just much as I like you I couldn't
possibly just take you at your word so
this is just a issue of ignorance on my
part
then at that time
[Music]